README.md, before:

# List of Free Online Tools For Front-end Web Development

List of free online tools and resources in form of web applications or web services for front-end development. Each tool contains a short description with a .gif preview or a webpage screenshot.

- [Typography](#typography)
  - [Fonts collections](#fonts-collections)
- [Colors, Palettes & Patterns](#colors-palettes-patterns)
  - [Color info](#color-info)
  - [Color generators](#color-generators)
  - [Pattern editors](#pattern-editors)
  - [Gradient generators](#gradient-generators)
  - [Color palettes](#color-palettes)
  - [Color grabbers](#color-grabbers)
- [Images, Illustrations, Videos](#images)
  - [Image converters and editors](#image-converters-and-editors)
- [CSS](#css)
  - [CSS gradient generators](#css-gradient-generators)
  - [CSS animation editors](#css-animation-editors)
  - [CSS triangle generators](#css-triangle-generators)
- [SVG](#svg)
- [Regex](#regex)
- [Others](#others)

## Typography

- [loremipsum.io](https://loremipsum.io/) - Simple and better way to grab Lorem Ipsum text content

![loremipsum.io](https://i.imgur.com/KIIBMCm.png)

- [gridlover.net/try](https://www.gridlover.net/try) - Establish a typographic system with modular scale and vertical rhythm

![gridlover.net/try](https://i.imgur.com/su0CSF9.png)

- [pearsonified.com/typography](https://pearsonified.com/typography/) - Golden Ratio Typography Calculator

![pearsonified.com/typography](https://i.imgur.com/BV6YaML.png)

- [pxtoem.com](http://pxtoem.com/) - PX to EM conversion

![pxtoem.com](https://i.imgur.com/wSNkNP8.png)

- [canva.com/font-combinations](https://www.canva.com/font-combinations/) - Finding a font combination

![canva.com/font-combinations](https://i.imgur.com/5ES8nuE.gif)

- [fontpair.co](http://fontpair.co/) - Collection of Google Fonts pairings

![fontpair.co](https://i.imgur.com/4O0Tm32.png)

- [transfonter.org](https://transfonter.org/) - Online font converter

![transfonter.org](https://i.imgur.com/otqi0bM.png)

### Fonts collections

- [fontstruct.com/gallery](https://fontstruct.com/gallery) - Collection of fonts (requires registration)

![fontstruct.com/gallery](https://i.imgur.com/NP4Dz9e.png)

- [fonts.google.com](https://fonts.google.com/) - Google Fonts

![fonts.google.com](https://i.imgur.com/gbbKbsJ.png)

- [fonts2u.com](https://fonts2u.com/) - Collection of free fonts

![fonts2u.com](https://i.imgur.com/pKm4b6l.png)

- [github.com/lvwzhen/iconpark](https://github.com/lvwzhen/iconpark) - Collection of icon fonts

![github.com/lvwzhen/iconpark](https://i.imgur.com/xMzH27N.png)

## Colors, Palettes & Patterns

- [colourlovers.com](http://www.colourlovers.com/) - Collection of palettes, patterns, shapes and colors

![colourlovers.com](https://i.imgur.com/v6UUrUF.png)

- [colrd.com](http://colrd.com/) - Collection of palettes, patterns, gradients and colors

![colrd.com](https://i.imgur.com/Qz5xKkk.png)

- [heropatterns.com](http://www.heropatterns.com/) - Collection of repeatable SVG background patterns

![heropatterns.com](https://i.imgur.com/So7n8Re.gif)

- [toptal.com/designers/subtlepatterns](https://www.toptal.com/designers/subtlepatterns/) - Collection of patterns

![toptal.com/designers/subtlepatterns](https://i.imgur.com/Cu8uXBE.png)

- [patterncooler.com](https://www.patterncooler.com/) - Collection of pattern backgrounds

![patterncooler.com](https://i.imgur.com/Iiw5Kpc.png)

- [colorhunt.co](http://colorhunt.co/) - Collection of color palettes

![colorhunt.co](https://i.imgur.com/PWGrKz1.png)

### Color info

- [color-hex.com](http://www.color-hex.com/) - Gives information about colors

![color-hex.com](https://i.imgur.com/8uhhaPQ.png)

- [0to255.com](http://www.0to255.com/) - Finding lighter and darker colors based on any color

![0to255.com](https://i.imgur.com/AzSAeQM.png)

### Color generators

- [color.hailpixel.com](https://color.hailpixel.com/) - Flat colors generator

![color.hailpixel.com](https://i.imgur.com/nrgDqSX.gif)

- [colourco.de](https://colourco.de/) - Color generator

![colourco.de](https://i.imgur.com/4nwxrEg.png)

- [paletton.com](http://paletton.com/) - Color Scheme Designer

![paletton.com](https://i.imgur.com/YIabRQQ.png)

- [galactic.ink/sphere](https://galactic.ink/sphere/) - Color spectrum generator

![galactic.ink/sphere](https://i.imgur.com/APywDoG.png)

- [colorsupplyyy.com/app](http://colorsupplyyy.com/app/) - Generate various color mixtures

![colorsupplyyy.com/app](https://i.imgur.com/38CFvhv.png)

### Pattern editors

- [patterninja.com](https://patterninja.com/) - Pattern editor

![patterninja.com](https://i.imgur.com/HmDhEmZ.png)

- [halftonepro.com/app](https://halftonepro.com/app) - Pattern editor

![halftonepro.com/app](https://i.imgur.com/YwIXFfv.png)

![halftonepro.com/app/polygons](https://i.imgur.com/14UsCUR.png)

![halftonepro.com/app/stripes](https://i.imgur.com/IASwFKc.png)

- [qrohlf.com/trianglify-generator](https://qrohlf.com/trianglify-generator/) - Triangle pattern generator

![qrohlf.com/trianglify-generator](https://i.imgur.com/yELXVt5.png)

- [kennethcachia.com/plain-pattern](http://www.kennethcachia.com/plain-pattern/) - SVG pattern editor

![kennethcachia.com/plain-pattern](https://i.imgur.com/v3YKp2q.gif)

### Gradient generators

- [uigradients.com](https://uigradients.com/) - Collection of gradients

![uigradients.com](https://i.imgur.com/sfexnDg.png)

- [colinkeany.com/blend](http://colinkeany.com/blend/) - Background gradient generator

![colinkeany.com/blend](https://i.imgur.com/WW6M9xl.gif)

### Color palettes

- [flatuicolors.com](https://flatuicolors.com/) - Collection of color palettes

![flatuicolors.com](https://i.imgur.com/7SbOpEK.png)

- [colordrop.io](https://colordrop.io/) - Collection of color palettes

![colordrop.io](https://i.imgur.com/sNUqeAG.png)

- [color.adobe.com/explore](https://color.adobe.com/explore/?filter=newest) - Collection of color palettes

![color.adobe.com/explore](https://i.imgur.com/HPanCPE.png)

- [flatuicolorpicker.com/category/all](http://www.flatuicolorpicker.com/category/all) - Collection of flat colors

![flatuicolorpicker.com/category/all](https://i.imgur.com/7yNFVvd.png)

### Color grabbers

- [lokeshdhakar.com/projects/color-thief](http://lokeshdhakar.com/projects/color-thief/) - Grab the color palette from an image

![lokeshdhakar.com/projects/color-thief](https://i.imgur.com/whcsATO.png)

- [www.colorhunter.com](http://www.colorhunter.com/) - Grab colors from images

![colorhunter.com](https://i.imgur.com/q7bMESP.png)

- [webcolourdata.com](http://webcolourdata.com/) - Grab colors from websites

![webcolourdata.com](https://i.imgur.com/JGh9NS3.png)

## Images, Illustrations, Videos

- [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/) - Collection of free images

![pixabay.com](https://i.imgur.com/9jXlpTN.png)

- [pexels.com](https://www.pexels.com/) - Collection of free images

![pexels.com](https://i.imgur.com/pfrvjDB.png)

- [unsplash.com](https://unsplash.com/) - Collection of free images

![unsplash.com](https://i.imgur.com/RDuwQ1y.png)

- [free-images.com](https://free-images.com/) - Collection of free images

![free-images.com](https://i.imgur.com/ibe8IVx.png)

- [gratisography.com](https://gratisography.com/) - Collection of free images

![gratisography.com](https://i.imgur.com/1wfBR3E.png)

- [freephotos.cc](https://freephotos.cc/) - Collection of free images

![freephotos.cc](https://i.imgur.com/ppAXiZv.png)

- [vecteezy.com](https://www.vecteezy.com/) - Collection of free vector art

![vecteezy.com](https://i.imgur.com/cTXZh03.png)

-[undraw.co/illustrations](https://undraw.co/illustrations) - Collection of illustrations for free

![undraw.co/illustrations](https://i.imgur.com/e8dLmxP.png)

- [iconfinder.com](https://www.iconfinder.com/) - Icon finder

![iconfinder.com](https://i.imgur.com/1UTel90.png)

- [coverr.co](https://coverr.co/) - Free cover videos

![coverr.co](https://i.imgur.com/63WNLuu.jpg)

### Image converters and editors

- [jpeg.io](https://www.jpeg.io/) - Converts any major image format into a highly optimized JPEG

![jpeg.io](https://i.imgur.com/MZIQ6az.png)

- [websiteplanet.com/webtools/imagecompressor](https://www.websiteplanet.com/webtools/imagecompressor) - .png or .jpg compression into optimized .png (allows pictures up to 50MB size)

![websiteplanet.com/webtools/imagecompressor](https://i.imgur.com/7zReSEd.png)

- [tinypng.com](https://tinypng.com/) - another compression tool which allows compressing .png and .jpg images (allows pictures up to 5MB size)

![tinypng.com](https://i.imgur.com/GoUfTmH.png)

- [bse64.com](http://bse64.com/) - Encode your images into BASE64

![bse64.com](https://i.imgur.com/Lzn8RoK.png)

- [lorempixel.com](http://lorempixel.com/) - Placeholder images generator

![lorempixel.com](https://i.imgur.com/I3AselT.png)

- [xiconeditor.com](http://www.xiconeditor.com/) - Online icon editor

![xiconeditor.com](https://i.imgur.com/Uq284rZ.png)

- [favicon-generator.org](https://www.favicon-generator.org/) - Favicon generator

![favicon-generator.org](https://i.imgur.com/tZq8yrx.png)

- [toptal.com/developers/css/sprite-generator](https://www.toptal.com/developers/css/sprite-generator) - Css sprites generator

![toptal.com/developers/css/sprite-generator](https://i.imgur.com/x0i5sF0.png)

- [webresizer.com/resizer](http://webresizer.com/resizer/) - Image editor

![webresizer.com/resizer](https://i.imgur.com/mlq8I7V.gif)

- [picsvg.com](https://picsvg.com/) - Converts jpeg,jpg,gif,png picture to SVG

![picsvg.com](https://i.imgur.com/5iX4SnB.png)

## CSS

- [westciv.com/tools/3Dtransforms](http://westciv.com/tools/3Dtransforms/index.html) - gradients/transforms editor

![westciv.com](https://i.imgur.com/N9TXZSe.gif)

- [css3maker.com](http://www.css3maker.com/) - CSS editor and generators — border radius, gradient, transform, animation, transition, text shadow, box shadow, text rotation

![css3maker.com](https://i.imgur.com/DXZnY8D.png)

- [cssmatic.com](https://www.cssmatic.com/) - CSS generators — gradient, background patterns, box shadows, border radius

![cssmatic.com](https://i.imgur.com/868alht.gif)

- [cssmatic.com/box-shadow](https://www.cssmatic.com/box-shadow) - CSS drop shadows generator

![cssmatic.com/box-shadow](https://i.imgur.com/fiL9CD0.png)

- [developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Background_and_Borders/Border-image_generator](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Background_and_Borders/Border-image_generator) - CSS border image generator

![developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Background_and_Borders/Border-image_generator](https://i.imgur.com/2jCXxxl.png)

- [lucidcrew.com/csscorners](https://www.lucidcrew.com/csscorners/) - CSS button generator

![lucidcrew.com/csscorners](https://i.imgur.com/izb6EPJ.png)

- [cssfilters.co](http://www.cssfilters.co/) - CSS filters editor

![cssfilters.co](https://i.imgur.com/tPmt37m.gif)

### CSS gradient generators

- [colorzilla.com/gradient-editor](http://www.colorzilla.com/gradient-editor/) - CSS gradient generator

![colorzilla.com/gradient-editor](https://i.imgur.com/LOV0QXP.png)

- [css-gradient](https://www.css-gradient.com/) - CSS gradient generator

![css-gradient](https://i.imgur.com/fxFRdWK.png)

- [gradientgenerator.com](http://gradientgenerator.com/) - CSS gradient generator with patterns

![gradientgenerator.com](https://i.imgur.com/QkgqxrM.png)

- [angrytools.com/gradient](http://angrytools.com/gradient/) - CSS gradient generator

![angrytools.com/gradient](https://i.imgur.com/3wiA9sE.png)

### CSS animation editors

- [theappguruz.com/tag-tools/web/CSSAnimations](http://www.theappguruz.com/tag-tools/web/CSSAnimations/) - Collection of CSS animations

![theappguruz.com/tag-tools/web/CSSAnimations](https://i.imgur.com/lPTIX3r.gif)

- [anicollection.github.io](http://anicollection.github.io/#/) - Collection of CSS animations

![anicollection.github.io](https://i.imgur.com/hClwt2A.gif)

- [cssanimate.com](http://cssanimate.com/) - CSS animation generator

![cssanimate.com](https://i.imgur.com/aUY8evo.gif)

- [angrytools.com/css/animation](http://angrytools.com/css/animation/) - CSS animation generator

![angrytools.com/css/animation](https://i.imgur.com/i7AfF73.gif)

- [animista.net](http://animista.net/) - CSS animation generator

![animista.net](https://i.imgur.com/Fo6z1hs.gif)

- [jeremyckahn.github.io/stylie](http://jeremyckahn.github.io/stylie/) - CSS animation generator

![jeremyckahn.github.io/stylie](https://i.imgur.com/fnHfFbv.gif)

- [waitanimate.wstone.io](http://waitanimate.wstone.io/#!/) - CSS animation generator

![waitanimate.wstone.io](https://i.imgur.com/e36mvPy.gif)

### CSS triangle generators

- [cssarrowplease.com](http://www.cssarrowplease.com/) - Generates a custom box with an arrow extending out from the side

![cssarrowplease.com](https://i.imgur.com/UVnWgTq.png)

- [apps.eky.hk/css-triangle-generator](http://apps.eky.hk/css-triangle-generator/) - CSS triangle generator

![apps.eky.hk/css-triangle-generator](https://i.imgur.com/bLGMFIt.png)

## SVG

- [useragentman.com/tests/textpath/bezier-curve-construction-set](http://www.useragentman.com/tests/textpath/bezier-curve-construction-set.html) - Bézier Curve generator

![useragentman.com/tests/textpath/bezier-curve-construction-set](https://i.imgur.com/ruRtIkS.png)

- [cssplant.com/clip-path-generator](http://www.cssplant.com/clip-path-generator) - Clip path generator

![cssplant.com/clip-path-generator](https://i.imgur.com/cNy5wli.png)

- [bennettfeely.com/clippy](http://bennettfeely.com/clippy/) - Clip path generator

![bennettfeely.com/clippy](https://i.imgur.com/4WuF7Kf.giv)

- [jxnblk.com/paths](http://jxnblk.com/paths/) - Path generator

![jxnblk.com/paths](https://i.imgur.com/TvVp2PQ.giv)

- [kazzkiq.github.io/svg-color-filter](http://kazzkiq.github.io/svg-color-filter/) - SVG color filter editor

![kazzkiq.github.io/svg-color-filter](https://i.imgur.com/WiMJ1LK.giv)

- [jorgeatgu.github.io/svg-filters](http://jorgeatgu.github.io/svg-filters/) - SVG filter effects editor

![jorgeatgu.github.io/svg-filters](https://i.imgur.com/otZwCzv.png)

- [gigacore.github.io/demos/svg-stroke-dasharray-generator](http://gigacore.github.io/demos/svg-stroke-dasharray-generator/) - Dash line generator

![gigacore.github.io/demos/svg-stroke-dasharray-generator](https://i.imgur.com/kxJVpfH.png)

- [editor.method.ac](http://editor.method.ac/) - SVG editor

![editor.method.ac](https://i.imgur.com/bU487p2.png)

## Regex

- [regexr.com](http://regexr.com/) - Building and testing regular expressions

![regexr.com](https://i.imgur.com/Uw0wbpK.png)

- [regex101.com](https://regex101.com/) - Building and testing regular expressions

![regex101.com](https://i.imgur.com/DFoHZrU.png)

## Others

- [livetools.uiparade.com/form-builder](http://livetools.uiparade.com/form-builder.html) - Form builder

![livetools.uiparade.com/form-builder](https://i.imgur.com/1NezMUa.giv)

- [livetools.uiparade.com/ribbon-builder](http://livetools.uiparade.com/ribbon-builder.html) - Ribbon builder

![livetools.uiparade.com/ribbon-builder](https://i.imgur.com/qfw6jvO.png)

- [developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights](https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/) - Provides information about how well a page adheres to a set of best practices

![developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights](https://i.imgur.com/FdxTXtI.png)

- [easings.net](http://easings.net/en) - Collection of easing functions

![easings.net](https://i.imgur.com/JNc9SIL.gif)

Commit message:

compress images
- images are compressed
- kisspng added
- livetools are removed

README.md, after:

# List of Free Online Tools For Front-end Web Development (2019)

List of free online tools and resources in form of web applications or web services for front-end development. Each tool contains a short description and preview as a webpage screenshot.

- [Typography](#typography)
  - [Fonts collections](#fonts-collections)
- [Colors, Palettes & Patterns](#colors-palettes-patterns)
  - [Color info](#color-info)
  - [Color generators](#color-generators)
  - [Pattern editors](#pattern-editors)
  - [Gradient generators](#gradient-generators)
  - [Color palettes](#color-palettes)
  - [Color grabbers](#color-grabbers)
- [Images, Illustrations, Videos](#images)
  - [Image converters and editors](#image-converters-and-editors)
- [CSS](#css)
  - [CSS gradient generators](#css-gradient-generators)
  - [CSS animation editors](#css-animation-editors)
  - [CSS triangle generators](#css-triangle-generators)
- [SVG](#svg)
- [Regex](#regex)
- [Others](#others)

## Typography

- [loremipsum.io](https://loremipsum.io/) - Simple and better way to grab Lorem Ipsum text content

![loremipsum.io](https://i.imgur.com/KIIBMCm.png)

- [gridlover.net/try](https://www.gridlover.net/try) - Establish a typographic system with modular scale and vertical rhythm

![gridlover.net/try](https://i.imgur.com/su0CSF9.png)

- [pearsonified.com/typography](https://pearsonified.com/typography/) - Golden Ratio Typography Calculator

![pearsonified.com/typography](https://i.imgur.com/BV6YaML.png)

- [pxtoem.com](http://pxtoem.com/) - PX to EM conversion

![pxtoem.com](https://i.imgur.com/wSNkNP8.png)

- [canva.com/font-combinations](https://www.canva.com/font-combinations/) - Finding a font combination

![canva.com/font-combinations](https://i.imgur.com/5ES8nuE.gif)

- [fontpair.co](http://fontpair.co/) - Collection of Google Fonts pairings

![fontpair.co](https://i.imgur.com/4O0Tm32.png)

- [transfonter.org](https://transfonter.org/) - Online font converter

![transfonter.org](https://i.imgur.com/otqi0bM.png)

### Fonts collections

- [fontstruct.com/gallery](https://fontstruct.com/gallery) - Collection of fonts (requires registration)

![fontstruct.com/gallery](https://i.imgur.com/NP4Dz9e.png)

- [fonts.google.com](https://fonts.google.com/) - Google Fonts

![fonts.google.com](https://i.imgur.com/gbbKbsJ.png)

- [fonts2u.com](https://fonts2u.com/) - Collection of free fonts

![fonts2u.com](https://i.imgur.com/pKm4b6l.png)

- [github.com/lvwzhen/iconpark](https://github.com/lvwzhen/iconpark) - Collection of icon fonts

![github.com/lvwzhen/iconpark](https://i.imgur.com/xMzH27N.png)

## Colors, Palettes & Patterns

- [colourlovers.com](http://www.colourlovers.com/) - Collection of palettes, patterns, shapes and colors

![colourlovers.com](https://i.imgur.com/v6UUrUF.png)

- [colrd.com](http://colrd.com/) - Collection of palettes, patterns, gradients and colors

![colrd.com](https://i.imgur.com/Qz5xKkk.png)

- [heropatterns.com](http://www.heropatterns.com/) - Collection of repeatable SVG background patterns

![heropatterns.com](https://i.imgur.com/So7n8Re.gif)

- [toptal.com/designers/subtlepatterns](https://www.toptal.com/designers/subtlepatterns/) - Collection of patterns

![toptal.com/designers/subtlepatterns](https://i.imgur.com/Cu8uXBE.png)

- [patterncooler.com](https://www.patterncooler.com/) - Collection of pattern backgrounds

![patterncooler.com](https://i.imgur.com/Iiw5Kpc.png)

- [colorhunt.co](http://colorhunt.co/) - Collection of color palettes

![colorhunt.co](https://i.imgur.com/PWGrKz1.png)

### Color info

- [color-hex.com](http://www.color-hex.com/) - Gives information about colors

![color-hex.com](https://i.imgur.com/8uhhaPQ.png)

- [0to255.com](http://www.0to255.com/) - Finding lighter and darker colors based on any color

![0to255.com](https://i.imgur.com/AzSAeQM.png)

### Color generators

- [color.hailpixel.com](https://color.hailpixel.com/) - Flat colors generator

![color.hailpixel.com](https://i.imgur.com/nrgDqSX.gif)

- [colourco.de](https://colourco.de/) - Color generator

![colourco.de](https://i.imgur.com/4nwxrEg.png)

- [paletton.com](http://paletton.com/) - Color Scheme Designer

![paletton.com](https://i.imgur.com/YIabRQQ.png)

- [galactic.ink/sphere](https://galactic.ink/sphere/) - Color spectrum generator

![galactic.ink/sphere](https://i.imgur.com/APywDoG.png)

- [colorsupplyyy.com/app](http://colorsupplyyy.com/app/) - Generate various color mixtures

![colorsupplyyy.com/app](https://i.imgur.com/38CFvhv.png)

### Pattern editors

- [patterninja.com](https://patterninja.com/) - Pattern editor

![patterninja.com](https://i.imgur.com/HmDhEmZ.png)

- [halftonepro.com/app](https://halftonepro.com/app) - Pattern editor

![halftonepro.com/app](https://i.imgur.com/YwIXFfv.png)

![halftonepro.com/app/polygons](https://i.imgur.com/14UsCUR.png)

![halftonepro.com/app/stripes](https://i.imgur.com/IASwFKc.png)

- [qrohlf.com/trianglify-generator](https://qrohlf.com/trianglify-generator/) - Triangle pattern generator

![qrohlf.com/trianglify-generator](https://i.imgur.com/yELXVt5.png)

- [kennethcachia.com/plain-pattern](http://www.kennethcachia.com/plain-pattern/) - SVG pattern editor

![kennethcachia.com/plain-pattern](https://i.imgur.com/v3YKp2q.gif)

### Gradient generators

- [uigradients.com](https://uigradients.com/) - Collection of gradients

![uigradients.com](https://i.imgur.com/sfexnDg.png)

- [colinkeany.com/blend](http://colinkeany.com/blend/) - Background gradient generator

![colinkeany.com/blend](https://i.imgur.com/WW6M9xl.gif)

### Color palettes

- [flatuicolors.com](https://flatuicolors.com/) - Collection of color palettes

![flatuicolors.com](https://i.imgur.com/7SbOpEK.png)

- [colordrop.io](https://colordrop.io/) - Collection of color palettes

![colordrop.io](https://i.imgur.com/sNUqeAG.png)

- [color.adobe.com/explore](https://color.adobe.com/explore/?filter=newest) - Collection of color palettes

![color.adobe.com/explore](https://i.imgur.com/HPanCPE.png)

- [flatuicolorpicker.com/category/all](http://www.flatuicolorpicker.com/category/all) - Collection of flat colors

![flatuicolorpicker.com/category/all](https://i.imgur.com/7yNFVvd.png)

### Color grabbers

- [lokeshdhakar.com/projects/color-thief](http://lokeshdhakar.com/projects/color-thief/) - Grab the color palette from an image

![lokeshdhakar.com/projects/color-thief](https://i.imgur.com/whcsATO.png)

- [www.colorhunter.com](http://www.colorhunter.com/) - Grab colors from images

![colorhunter.com](https://i.imgur.com/q7bMESP.png)

- [webcolourdata.com](http://webcolourdata.com/) - Grab colors from websites

![webcolourdata.com](https://i.imgur.com/JGh9NS3.png)

## Images, Illustrations, Videos

- [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/) - Collection of free images

![pixabay.com](https://i.imgur.com/9jXlpTN.png)

- [pexels.com](https://www.pexels.com/) - Collection of free images

![pexels.com](https://i.imgur.com/pfrvjDB.png)

- [unsplash.com](https://unsplash.com/) - Collection of free images

![unsplash.com](https://i.imgur.com/RDuwQ1y.png)

- [free-images.com](https://free-images.com/) - Collection of free images

![free-images.com](https://i.imgur.com/ibe8IVx.png)

- [gratisography.com](https://gratisography.com/) - Collection of free images

![gratisography.com](https://i.imgur.com/1wfBR3E.png)

- [freephotos.cc](https://freephotos.cc/) - Collection of free images

![freephotos.cc](https://i.imgur.com/ppAXiZv.png)

- [kisspng.com](https://www.kisspng.com/) - Collection of transparent png images

![kisspng.com](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AndrejGajdos/List-of-Free-Online-Tools-For-Front-end-Web-Development/master/img/kisspng.png)

- [vecteezy.com](https://www.vecteezy.com/) - Collection of free vector art

![vecteezy.com](https://i.imgur.com/cTXZh03.png)

-[undraw.co/illustrations](https://undraw.co/illustrations) - Collection of illustrations for free

![undraw.co/illustrations](https://i.imgur.com/e8dLmxP.png)

- [iconfinder.com](https://www.iconfinder.com/) - Icon finder

![iconfinder.com](https://i.imgur.com/1UTel90.png)

- [coverr.co](https://coverr.co/) - Free cover videos

![coverr.co](https://i.imgur.com/63WNLuu.jpg)

### Image converters and editors

- [jpeg.io](https://www.jpeg.io/) - Converts any major image format into a highly optimized JPEG

![jpeg.io](https://i.imgur.com/MZIQ6az.png)

- [websiteplanet.com/webtools/imagecompressor](https://www.websiteplanet.com/webtools/imagecompressor) - .png or .jpg compression into optimized .png (allows pictures up to 50MB size)

![websiteplanet.com/webtools/imagecompressor](https://i.imgur.com/7zReSEd.png)

- [tinypng.com](https://tinypng.com/) - another compression tool which allows compressing .png and .jpg images (allows pictures up to 5MB size)

![tinypng.com](https://i.imgur.com/GoUfTmH.png)

- [bse64.com](http://bse64.com/) - Encode your images into BASE64

![bse64.com](https://i.imgur.com/Lzn8RoK.png)

- [lorempixel.com](http://lorempixel.com/) - Placeholder images generator

![lorempixel.com](https://i.imgur.com/I3AselT.png)

- [xiconeditor.com](http://www.xiconeditor.com/) - Online icon editor

![xiconeditor.com](https://i.imgur.com/Uq284rZ.png)

- [favicon-generator.org](https://www.favicon-generator.org/) - Favicon generator

![favicon-generator.org](https://i.imgur.com/tZq8yrx.png)

- [toptal.com/developers/css/sprite-generator](https://www.toptal.com/developers/css/sprite-generator) - Css sprites generator

![toptal.com/developers/css/sprite-generator](https://i.imgur.com/x0i5sF0.png)

- [webresizer.com/resizer](http://webresizer.com/resizer/) - Image editor

![webresizer.com/resizer](https://i.imgur.com/mlq8I7V.gif)

- [picsvg.com](https://picsvg.com/) - Converts jpeg,jpg,gif,png picture to SVG

![picsvg.com](https://i.imgur.com/5iX4SnB.png)

## CSS

- [westciv.com/tools/3Dtransforms](http://westciv.com/tools/3Dtransforms/index.html) - gradients/transforms editor

![westciv.com](https://i.imgur.com/N9TXZSe.gif)

- [css3maker.com](http://www.css3maker.com/) - CSS editor and generators — border radius, gradient, transform, animation, transition, text shadow, box shadow, text rotation

![css3maker.com](https://i.imgur.com/DXZnY8D.png)

- [cssmatic.com](https://www.cssmatic.com/) - CSS generators — gradient, background patterns, box shadows, border radius

![cssmatic.com](https://i.imgur.com/868alht.gif)

- [cssmatic.com/box-shadow](https://www.cssmatic.com/box-shadow) - CSS drop shadows generator

![cssmatic.com/box-shadow](https://i.imgur.com/fiL9CD0.png)

- [developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Background_and_Borders/Border-image_generator](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Background_and_Borders/Border-image_generator) - CSS border image generator

![developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Background_and_Borders/Border-image_generator](https://i.imgur.com/2jCXxxl.png)

- [lucidcrew.com/csscorners](https://www.lucidcrew.com/csscorners/) - CSS button generator

![lucidcrew.com/csscorners](https://i.imgur.com/izb6EPJ.png)

- [cssfilters.co](http://www.cssfilters.co/) - CSS filters editor

![cssfilters.co](https://i.imgur.com/tPmt37m.gif)

### CSS gradient generators

- [colorzilla.com/gradient-editor](http://www.colorzilla.com/gradient-editor/) - CSS gradient generator

![colorzilla.com/gradient-editor](https://i.imgur.com/LOV0QXP.png)

- [css-gradient](https://www.css-gradient.com/) - CSS gradient generator

![css-gradient](https://i.imgur.com/fxFRdWK.png)

- [gradientgenerator.com](http://gradientgenerator.com/) - CSS gradient generator with patterns

![gradientgenerator.com](https://i.imgur.com/QkgqxrM.png)

- [angrytools.com/gradient](http://angrytools.com/gradient/) - CSS gradient generator

![angrytools.com/gradient](https://i.imgur.com/3wiA9sE.png)

### CSS animation editors

- [theappguruz.com/tag-tools/web/CSSAnimations](http://www.theappguruz.com/tag-tools/web/CSSAnimations/) - Collection of CSS animations

![theappguruz.com/tag-tools/web/CSSAnimations](https://i.imgur.com/lPTIX3r.gif)

- [anicollection.github.io](http://anicollection.github.io/#/) - Collection of CSS animations

![anicollection.github.io](https://i.imgur.com/hClwt2A.gif)

- [cssanimate.com](http://cssanimate.com/) - CSS animation generator

![cssanimate.com](https://i.imgur.com/aUY8evo.gif)

- [angrytools.com/css/animation](http://angrytools.com/css/animation/) - CSS animation generator

![angrytools.com/css/animation](https://i.imgur.com/i7AfF73.gif)

- [animista.net](http://animista.net/) - CSS animation generator

![animista.net](https://i.imgur.com/Fo6z1hs.gif)

- [jeremyckahn.github.io/stylie](http://jeremyckahn.github.io/stylie/) - CSS animation generator

![jeremyckahn.github.io/stylie](https://i.imgur.com/fnHfFbv.gif)

- [waitanimate.wstone.io](http://waitanimate.wstone.io/#!/) - calculate the keyframe percentages so that you can insert a delay between each animation iteration

![waitanimate.wstone.io](https://i.imgur.com/e36mvPy.gif)

### CSS triangle generators

- [cssarrowplease.com](http://www.cssarrowplease.com/) - Generates a custom box with an arrow extending out from the side

![cssarrowplease.com](https://i.imgur.com/UVnWgTq.png)

- [apps.eky.hk/css-triangle-generator](http://apps.eky.hk/css-triangle-generator/) - CSS triangle generator

![apps.eky.hk/css-triangle-generator](https://i.imgur.com/bLGMFIt.png)

## SVG

- [useragentman.com/tests/textpath/bezier-curve-construction-set](http://www.useragentman.com/tests/textpath/bezier-curve-construction-set.html) - Bézier Curve generator

![useragentman.com/tests/textpath/bezier-curve-construction-set](https://i.imgur.com/ruRtIkS.png)

- [cssplant.com/clip-path-generator](http://www.cssplant.com/clip-path-generator) - Clip path generator

![cssplant.com/clip-path-generator](https://i.imgur.com/cNy5wli.png)

- [bennettfeely.com/clippy](http://bennettfeely.com/clippy/) - Clip path generator

![bennettfeely.com/clippy](https://i.imgur.com/4WuF7Kf.giv)

- [jxnblk.com/paths](http://jxnblk.com/paths/) - Path generator

![jxnblk.com/paths](https://i.imgur.com/TvVp2PQ.giv)

- [kazzkiq.github.io/svg-color-filter](http://kazzkiq.github.io/svg-color-filter/) - SVG color filter editor

![kazzkiq.github.io/svg-color-filter](https://i.imgur.com/WiMJ1LK.giv)

- [jorgeatgu.github.io/svg-filters](http://jorgeatgu.github.io/svg-filters/) - SVG filter effects editor

![jorgeatgu.github.io/svg-filters](https://i.imgur.com/otZwCzv.png)

- [gigacore.github.io/demos/svg-stroke-dasharray-generator](http://gigacore.github.io/demos/svg-stroke-dasharray-generator/) - Dash line generator

![gigacore.github.io/demos/svg-stroke-dasharray-generator](https://i.imgur.com/kxJVpfH.png)

- [editor.method.ac](http://editor.method.ac/) - SVG editor

![editor.method.ac](https://i.imgur.com/bU487p2.png)

## Regex

- [regexr.com](http://regexr.com/) - Building and testing regular expressions

![regexr.com](https://i.imgur.com/Uw0wbpK.png)

- [regex101.com](https://regex101.com/) - Building and testing regular expressions

![regex101.com](https://i.imgur.com/DFoHZrU.png)

## Others

- [developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights](https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/) - Provides information about how well a page adheres to a set of best practices

![developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights](https://i.imgur.com/FdxTXtI.png)

- [easings.net](http://easings.net/en) - Collection of easing functions

![easings.net](https://i.imgur.com/JNc9SIL.gif)
